what's your message for them well if I didn't align myself with both of them you'd never have a deal you want me to say uh really terrible things about Putin and then say hi Vladimir how are we doing on the deal that doesn't work that way I'm not aligned with Putin I'm not aligned with anybody I'm aligned with the United States of America and for the good of the world I'm aligned with the world and I want to get this thing over with you see the hatred he's got for Putin it's very tough for me to make a deal with that kind of hat he's got tremendous hatred and I understand that but I can tell you the other side isn't exactly in love with you know him either uh so it's not a question of alignment I have to I'm aligned with the world I want to get the things set I'm aligned with Europe I want to see if we can get this thing done you want me to be tough I could be tougher than any human being you've ever seen I'd be so tough but you're never going to get a deal that way so that's the way it goes one more question I would respond to this so look for four years in the United States of America we had a president who stood up at press conferences and talked tough about Vladimir Putin and then Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country the path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy we tried the pathway of Joe Biden of thumping our chest and pretending that the president of the United States is words mattered more than the president of the States's actions what makes America a good country is America engaging in diplomacy that's what president Trump is doing can I ask you sure yeah yeah okay so he occupied our parts big parts of Ukraine part of East and Crimea so he occupied it on 2014 so during a lot of years so I'm not speaking about just Biden but those time was Obama then President Obama then president Trump then President Biden now the president Trump and God bless now president Trump will stop him but during 2014 nobody stopped him he just occupied and took he killed people you know what the contact 2015 2014 2014 201 2014 yeah so I was not here yeah but exactly right yes but during 2014 till 2022 the situation was the same that people have been dying on the contact line nobody stopped him you know that we had conversations with him a lot of conversation my bilateral conversation and we signed with him like a new president in 2019 I signed with him the deal I signed with him Macron and Merkel we signed ceasefire ceasefire all of them told me that he will never go we signed a gas contract yes but after that he broke his ceasefire he killed our people and he didn't exchange prisoners we signed the exchange of prisoners but he didn't do it what kind of diplomacy are you speaking about what do you mean I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's going to end the destruction of your country but Mr President with respect I think it's disrespect for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems you should be thanking the president for trying to bring an end to this conflict you have never been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have I have actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens when you bring people on a propaganda tour Mr President do you disagree that you've had problems what do you think, is it respectful to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to prevent the destruction of your country? A lot of questions—let's start from the beginning. First of all, during the war everybody has problems, even you, but you have a nice ocean and don't feel it now but you will feel it in the future. God bless you—don't tell us what we're going to feel; I'm not telling you because you're in no position to dictate that. Remember, you're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel—we're going to feel very good, very strong; you'll feel the influence. You're right now not in a very good position; you've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position and he is right about it from the very beginning of the war—you’re not in a good position, you don't have the cards. Right now you're playing cards, gambling with the lives of millions of people, gambling with World War I, and what you're doing is very disrespectful to the country. Far more than many people said they should have, have you said thank you even once during this entire meeting? No, during this entire meeting have you said thank you? You went to Pennsylvania and campaigned for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America and the president who is trying to save your country, please. You think that if you speak very loudly about the war you can—he's not speaking loudly, he's not speaking loudly—your country is in big trouble. Wait a minute, no, no—you’ve done a lot of talking; your country is in big trouble. I know you're not winning, you're not winning this—you have a damn good chance of coming out okay because of us. Mr President, we are staying in our country, staying strong from the very beginning of the war—we've been alone and we are thankful. I said thank you; haven't you seen it? We gave you, through this stupid president, $350 billion—we gave your military equipment and your men are brave, but they had to use our military. If you didn't have our military equipment, if you didn't have our military equipment, this war would have been over in two weeks, in three days. Heard it from Putin—in three days. This is something; maybe in two weeks. Of course yes, it's going to be a very hard thing to do—business like this, just say thank you. Except that there are disagreements, and let's go litigate those disagreements rather than try to fight it out in the American media. When you're wrong, we know that you're wrong, but you see, I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on—I think it's very important. That's why I kept this going so long—you have to be thankful. You don't have the cards; you're buried; your people are dying; you're running low on soldiers. Listen, you're running low on soldiers—it would be a damn good thing, and then you tell us, 'I don't want a ceasefire; I don't want a ceasefire; I want to go,' and I wanted this. Look, if you could get a ceasefire right now, I tell you, you take it so the bullets stop flying and people stop getting killed. Of course we want to stop the war, but you're saying you don't want to see it; I want to see guarantees because you'll get a ceasefire faster than if you ask our people what they think about a ceasefire. That wasn't with me—that was with a guy named Biden who was not a smart person; that was with Obama—it was your president. Excuse me, that was with Obama, who gave you sheets and I gave you javelins—yes, I gave you the javelins to take out all those tanks. Obama gave you sheets—in fact, the statement is, Obama gave sheets and Trump gave javelins. You have to be more thankful because, let me tell you, you don't have the cards with us—you have the cards, but without us you don't have any cards. One more question: to Mr Vice President—I'm sorry—the deal is going to be tough to make because the attitudes have to change. What if Russia breaks this ceasefire, what if Russia breaks face-to-face talks, what do they do? Understand that it's a hard conversation, right? What are you saying? She's asking, what if Russia breaks the ceasefire? What if they—what if anything? What if a bomb drops on your head right now? Okay, what if they broke it—I don't know—they broke it with Biden because they didn't respect him, they didn't respect Obama—they respect me. Let me tell you, Putin went through a hell of a lot with me—he went through a phony witch hunt where they used him—and Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. You ever hear of that deal? That was phony—that was a phony Hunter Biden, Joe Biden scam. Hillary Clinton, Shifty Adam Schiff—it was a Democrat scam and he had to go through that and he did. We didn't end up in a war and he went through it; he was accused of all that stuff. He had nothing to do with it—it came out of Hunter Biden's bathroom, it came out of Hunter Biden's bedroom—it was disgusting—and then they said, oh, the laptop from hell was made by Russia, the 51 agents, the whole thing was a scam and he had to put up with that. He was being accused of all that stuff. All I can say is this: he might have broken deals with Obama and Bush and he might have broken them with Biden—maybe he did, maybe he didn't; I don't know what happened—but he didn't break them with me. He wants to make a deal, I don't know if you can make a deal. The problem is, I've empowered you to be a tough guy and I don't think you'd be a tough guy without the United States. Your people are very brave, but you're either going to make a deal or we're out, and if we're out you'll fight it out. I don't think it's going to be pretty, but you'll fight it out—and you don't have the cards. But once we sign that deal, you're in a much better position—but you're not acting at all thankful and that's not a nice thing. I'll be honest, that's not a nice thing. All right, I think we've seen enough. What do you think? This is going to be great television. I will say that. All right, we'll see what we can do about putting it together. We'll see.
